hi guys said I have an unboxing of the
more you cheat long no the YJ cheat all
the more you win on version 2 and
stickers so here is the boy yjt long and
here is the more you wait long version 2
has Felix on it pretty awesome um this
is stickers for my boy you oh so they
were cut for this is just some three by
three stickers I got for my friend and a
bunch of stickers first let's start off
with the YJ cheat long this one's weight
cuz I got it from my friend friend Josh
and here it is whoa this is cool this
looks like um stickers dirty this looks
like primary plastic but this cube looks
so cool oh my goodness like I don't know
why it sucks ten times better than a
normal cheat loan which I have right
here like this it looks more rounded but
i guess not so i'm going to first turn
it's pretty bad right out the box well
that's a YJ chi long here is the boy you
wait long version 2
oh here it is as a morir logo and this
protector I just had to rip off nice and
slow and it looks really dusty but
anyways first started all this excuse
nice at the boss here it is my boy wait
longer than one I feel like almost the
exact same feels a little bit more
sluggish out the box I I mess that up
that is the movie way long version 2 and
just going to get in with the stickers
so first off we have a bunch of three by
three stickers so first ice cube cut
stickers there we go they are by sheets
which are half brights plus sky blue
these are some stickers for my friend
Josh again and he got Fulbright's um
plus light blue and he got another blue
sea and he didn't one white ages on a
black and I got stickers for my more you
wait long version too but i also bought
fit stickers and here's some four by
four cut stickers i got two sets of muy
yasu cut that's what they look like
they're rounded instead of the Malaysia
which are like curved there and they
sent me an extra blue
awesome I'll one blue is wrong well so
it's okay and here's the bunch of
stickers this is an eight-by-eight set
that I got for my eight by eight
obviously um this is my set my seven set
that I got for my mini changsha side
myself this is the two blues and more
stickers oh yeah this is um more
stickers like I completely forgot that I
got more um and another three by three
set that I don't remember ordering this
is for the uh oh this is my friends
again oh he forgot and this is for my 55
millimeter nangi my o.h main and two
sets of two by two stickers that look
like this and thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you on the next
one